Add/improve Terraform documentation (#78)
JupiterOne/graph-google-cloud: docs/development.md

```sh
yarn test
```

## Terraform setup

This project can be run by any developer, but if you are an internal JupiterOne
developer, please request access to the JupiterOne Terraform Cloud account. This
section will try to contain info on running Terraform in all the possible ways.

### Option A - You are an internal JupiterOne developer

You should have been invited to the JupiterOne Terraform Cloud account, if not
please request access.

1. Once you've created an account and have accepted the invitation please use
   the `terraform login` command. It should redirect you to the Terraform Cloud
   to generate an authentication token to be used locally.

> 2. Navigate to the Google Cloud project's terraform/ directory and create a
>    main.remote.tf file with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the Google Cloud project's `terraform/` directory and create a
   `main.remote.tf` file with the following content:
```

```
terraform {
  backend "remote" {
    organization = "jupiterone"
    workspaces {
      name = "integration-development-google-cloud"
    }
  }
}
```

> 3. Delete .env in the terraform/ directory (if there were any).
> 4. Delete \*.tfstate file(s) in the terraform/ directory (if there were any).
> 5. Run `terraform init`
> 6. You can use `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` to compare the difference
>    and apply your newest Terraform changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initialize Terraform: `rm terraform/.env; rm terraform/*.tfstate; terraform init`
4. Use `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` to review and apply your changes.
```

### Option B - You are a third-party developer

> As a third party developer you have 2 options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a third party developer you have two options for managing variables and state:
```

1. You can use Terraform Cloud

> 2. You can manage your environment variables directly from the .env file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can manage your environment variables directly from the `.env` file and keep state local
```

> ### Option B - 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Terraform Cloud Configuration & State
```

1. Setup Terraform Cloud account, create organization/project for this
   repository, and input your environment variables.

2. Use the `terraform login` command. It should redirect you to the Terraform
   Cloud to generate an authentication token to be used locally.

3. Navigate to the Google Cloud project's `terraform/` directory and create a

>    main.remote.tf file with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `main.remote.tf` file with the following content:
```

```
terraform {
  backend "remote" {
    organization = "YOUR_ORG_NAME_HERE"
    workspaces {
      name = "YOUR_ORG_WORKSPACE_ID_HERE"
    }
  }
}
```

> 4. Delete .env in the terraform/ directory (if there were any).
> 5. Delete \*.tfstate file(s) in the terraform/ directory (if there were any).
> 6. Run `terraform init`
> 7. You can use `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` to compare the difference
>    and apply your newest Terraform changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Initialize Terraform: `rm terraform/.env; rm terraform/*.tfstate; terraform init`
5. Use `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` to review and apply your changes.
```

> ### Option B - 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Local Configuration & State
```

> 1. Create a .env file inside the terraform/ directory and populate it with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `.env` file inside the `terraform/` directory and populate it with the
```

   necessary Terraform variables

2. Run `terraform init`

> 3. You can use `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` to compare the difference
>    and apply your newest Terraform changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` to review and apply your changes.
```

### Terraform environment variables

The following variables are necessary for the Terraform to work properly:

> service_account_key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`service_account_key`
```

- Service account key to provision Terraform during integration development. Can
  be generated by running the command described in this document.

> project_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`project_id`
```

- Google Cloud project to provision resources into the correct project.

> client_email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`client_email`
```

- Email of the service account used to provision Terraform during integration
  development.

> project_id_number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`project_id_number`
```

- The unique ID number of the Google Cloud project to provision resources into.
  Can be found on the Google Cloud's dashboard page once the correct project is
  selected.

> A small note: if you're using the .env approach, you'll need to preface the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small note: if you're using the `.env` approach, you'll need to preface the
```

variable names with `TF_VAR_`. Here's an example:

```
TF_VAR_service_account_key=<VALUE>
TF_VAR_project_id=<VALUE>
TF_VAR_client_email=<VALUE>
TF_VAR_project_id_number=<VALUE>
```

> (terraform/.env file)

Reviewer: I'm unsure what this is for.

Author: Do you mean project id number? If yes, that's basically some number that's visible in the Google Cloud dashboard - TF seems to be using it for setting up `role_id(s)` though I guess it's there just for the uniqueness sake - perhaps project id would work as well.

Author: Update: actually project_id can't be used for some things so that's most likely why the project id number was introduced and used.

`e.g. "role_id" ("j1-gc-integration-dev-v2extendedrole") doesn't match regexp "^[a-zA-Z0-9_\\.]{3,64}$"`
